>> Estelle: So we've figured out the
steps, or the animation-timing-function.
Now let's take a look at iteration-count.
How many times do you want
your animation to happen?
The default is 1.
By default it will happen just one time.
You can tell it to animate
as many times as you want,
or you can use the key term infinite.
So infinite or
any number including a float.
A negative number is pointless.
>> Estelle: Partial iterations work fine.
So here,
>> Estelle: I
go from 500px to 100px width,
>> Estelle: And height.
And then I go,
animation-iteration-count 0.5.
And I just get rid of this.
>> Estelle: And it doesn't work, so I open
this up and I say, why aren't you working?
>> Estelle: There it goes,
because I have a stupid five-second delay.
So, did you see how it
didn't go all the way?
>> Estelle: Well, that's interesting.
I have no clue what's going on,
my computer is possessed.
>> Estelle: Okay.
>> Estelle: So I'm just going to do 0.1.
Okay, and
also it's just gonna stop and go away.
Halfway mark.
There we go.
Okay, so
it only went through half an animation.
It doesn't need to be a full number.
>> Estelle: No iterations?
That's fine, it'll still work.
And you can see that it's actually
gonna be blue cuz I put the key term
forwards there.
So it's actually going to the 100%
mark even though there's no iteration.
>> Estelle: animation-delay is kind
of interesting, because if you have
a negative animation-delay, it'll start
part way through the first animation.
So I can, say,
make the animation-delay: -4.0 seconds.
And instead of waiting
four seconds to start,
it'll actually start four
seconds before it started.
And it's gonna jump halfway across
the screen, and there it goes.
But the second iteration
will be a full iteration.
So animation-delay,
any time you want, default is 0 but
you can actually use a negative number.
If I use -10.0 seconds, it's gonna start
part way through the second iteration.
>> Estelle: So
it's only gonna be a six-second total.
There we go.